Add links for learning more (part 1 of 4) (#165)
ember-learn/super-rentals-tutorial: src/markdown/tutorial/part-1/03-automated-testing.md

First, we instruct the test robot to navigate to the `/` URL of our app by using the `visit` *test helper* provided by Ember. This is akin to us typing `http://localhost:4200/` in the browser's address bar and hitting the `enter` key.

Because the page is going to take some time to load, this is known as an [async](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Asynchronous/Concepts) (short for *asynchronous*) step, so we will need to tell the test robot to wait by using JavaScript's `await` keyword. That way, it will wait until the page completely finishes loading before moving on to the next step.

This is almost always the behavior we want, so we will almost always use `await` and `visit` as a pair. This applies to other kinds of simulated interaction too, such as clicking on a button or a link, as they all take time to complete. Even though sometimes these actions may seem imperceptibly fast to us, we have to remember that our test robot has really, really fast hands, as we will see in a moment.

> After navigating to the `/` URL and waiting for things to settle, we check that the current URL matches the URL that we expect (`/`). We can use the `currentURL` test helper here, as well as `equal` [asserting](https://github.com/emberjs/ember-test-helpers/blob/master/API.md). This is how we encode our "checklist" into code&mdash;by specifying, or *[asserting][TODO: link to asserting]* how things *should* behave, we will be alerted if our app does *not* behave in the way that we expect.

Reviewer: I didn't think there'd be a good resource for `asserting`, so I wanted to remove the placeholder link.

```suggestion
After navigating to the `/` URL and waiting for things to settle, we check that the current URL matches the URL that we expect (`/`). We can use the `currentURL` test helper here, as well as `equal` [assertion](https://github.com/emberjs/ember-test-helpers/blob/master/API.md). This is how we encode our "checklist" into code&mdash;by specifying, or asserting how things *should* behave, we will be alerted if our app does *not* behave in the way that we expect.
```
